SPONSORED BY VAT19.COM
Hi! I got this package from VAT19.com
I put a link in the description box, and this company sells very weird stuff
SPONSORED BY VAT19.COM
they sell a lot of strange snacks
they sell...well, it's so much, just click on the link and see for yourself
among other things they sell enormous gummy bears
and I just had to have one
so here's my gigantic gummy bear
it looks like this
world's largest gummy bear
so it's very big
here you can see many different tastes, and I have mixed tastes
I have cherry, lemon and sour apple
let's open it
here you can see the colours
it's cherry, lemon and sour apple I guess
and this is a gigantic gummy bear
so this is what my lovely sweet gummy bear friend looks like
so this is my sweetie and now it's time to taste
let's start with the red part
the taste is very strong, nice
very tasty
and the green part
the part which taste best is the green part
then the yellow part
and then the red part, but it's still tasty
but the green is my favorite
so this is my gummy bear and it's a gigantic candy gummy bear
absurt
so this is my sweet friend
we'll have a great time together although it won't last very long
if you want to check out this bear or many other exciting stuff, go to vat19.com, link in the description box
hope you liked this video, see you
BYYYEEEEEE